to the rock it's quite challenging but I
really loved the routine I'm really
really pleased with it I feel like a
walking sports injury tonight today my
back is killing me
ankles are killing me my feet are
killing me
my neck is killing me my knees are
holding up the amount of strenuous
concentration and exercise is actually
taking its toll that were both
perfectionist so I'm very very fussing
and he's pretty much exactly the same so
it's been the two of us you know heavens
knows she's free at the moment
it's just it's just annoying to my brain
cannot cope with the amount of
information that is going in finish here
and then we should go straight away into
the one - okay Dawn's a little bit
further back yeah I want it to be as
good as it can be and little kind of
movements and posture things I suppose
I'm gonna try hard I probably forget it
all on the night